My two favorite development environments for Spring Boot are VS Code and IntelliJ, Eclipse and NetBeans
are great as well, but these are my top two.
Between these two I prefer vs code and here's why vs code is more lightweight.
The download is roughly 250 megabytes, whereas IntelliJ is a two gigabyte download vs code.
Being more lightweight makes it a lot faster.
Now IntelliJ comes with a very rich selection of presets and plugins vs code does not support spring
boot development out of the box.
It's very barebones, but it does allow you to add spring boot and Java extensions as needed.
This flexible extension system is what makes VS Code a very light download and allows you to develop
with unparalleled performance and speed.
I prefer vs code but I also totally understand if you want to use IntelliJ.
It boils down to this choose V's code for its speed or choose ontology for its very rich selection of
presets and plugins.
That's why I'm presenting you with two paths.
Choose Path A if you want to use VS Code and choose Path B if you want to use IntelliJ, the paths will
merge in the model view controller section and from there I'll be using VS code.
But if you're an intelligent user, not to worry.
If I ever do something in vs code that might be different in IntelliJ there will be two separate lessons
one for Path A and one for Path B.
You just got to choose the one that corresponds to your editor.
So to recap, both vs code and IntelliJ are excellent choices.
Choose Path A if you want to use vs code and choose path B if you want to use IntelliJ.